THB B5YPTUN GAZ1TT1, WBDNF8DAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1905.
SITUATION IN RUSS!
S I in K* MoVIMKNT
Si’ll I A DlNO.
another \i>im:es$ to tsar
A reiuarknlile li'nluic of the »ituatiui
mov. iu.-rt in nil .lii.vii...-!
Warsaw nit.l l^nlx «ro g- nomlly •
though there uro occasional disturbm
Work is still su»pci..lo.l.
TI.C .mi.atioii is increasing at Titlis
Balum. In (tie lom.er town, tli.ro have I
sanguinary conflicts in llic streets between
|kiIil*c and Cossacks and tho revolutio
Tim sirike is spreading on tl*c Trans-Ca
siati i ail way. A tnaip train procccdiui
Biluin was* derailed, the line being out.
St. I'ltkhsbOku. February 7.
Tbe Assembly oi Aob.ea for the l’rovinoe <
St. l’eteisburg lane uiioptdl by 158 volt
agaiusi 20 in. address to tbo Tsar urging liii
to Siimu.ou- eleetcil lepresoutativee of tl
nation.	(JtusUus,
Tiklis, February 7.
t '	1*M“« iojuwtL i//.
KING GEORGE'S YACHT FIRED 0>
ANOTHER l.L’SSlAM BLUNDER.
Pakiis February 7.
A fact hitherto undisclosed by the Auri
Sea Coiuiui.-i.iii is ueing .iiscusseU in olh. ii
cii.cles lure. It appeals drat the yacht ol tl
King of Greece, wn.eli was proceeding frui
Denmark to Fiance ut tbe lime ol the Duggi
Bank li.ei.iem, wait lire.1 upoll ny tne Ku-si..
Fleet. Hi. .Mujesty told the story in Pan
adding, “li they took my yaelit lor a torpedi
boat, liow lunch easier it must Inno been I
have Ula.ie a lui.iake WIUi tile Haulers." , 11
ADMIRAL TOGO.
REJOINING Ills FLEET.
Admiral Togo has left m older to rejoin tbe
licet.
GRAND DI KES FAVOR PEACH.
Bli.u.n, Fooruary'':.
The "Berliner 'logebiull says thaQat.’
meeting ol the Ctu.nl Dukes a dec. s„u rave.:
able to J/C..CC was taken.	O'/u’dX.
•ru l- m.icii ol’Tli .ill.'
A. L< 'CAI, AND GENERA!
The Cairo Salon opens on Friday, P
A Heavy Gale is blowing in Cairo to-d
and tho cold is intense.
Cercle Moiiamed Aly.—Tho club’s ann
\ |{ hall will take place on tho 23th itist.
The Brindisi Mail will bo distributed
the G.P.O., Alexandria, at 3.30 p.m. ton lay
"■	Concert.—Mine. Arctowski will give a o
‘ i“ cert at the Savoy Hotel next Friday at 5 p.
dike	-----
The Plauce. —Yesterday's plaguo bulle
ider, rccuided the roouvery of tho two patients
ai„| Fire. — Tho damage done by tho recent fire
I*.,-!, in the wood she<ls iu tho B .ulac-road, Cairo,
, t|,u ainuunta to L.E. 71.
"ar^ Horse Show.— The Khedivial Sporting
iuca- Club's annual llurse Show will toko place at
to liherireh ou Saturday, 18th iust., uuder the
^ patronage ot tho. Khedive.
“The Cypres Journal" fur January con-
taina interesting articles on the “Teeth ol
7. Horses — a guide to their age,” “Cyprus
cool Uaisms," the Famagusta port, which is no»
rotes open, tho English School at Niousio, and other
nim uselul iuloimatiuiL
tl.n	-----.---—
v./ Wakes Aidiinistkation.—The rovenuo ol
the adininistraiiuu iruui tiro 1st January to
tliu cud ol November, 19U4, amounted to L.E.
,ce 242,783, as against LE. 208,383 in 1903,
l f wune the .expenditure amounted to LE.
l8t>,147, us against LE. 178,689 iu 1903.
Suez Canal.—On the 4ib and 5ib inst. 30
N. vessels passed through Ujo Caual, 13 ol which
were British, 1 Ameiican, 5 French, 1 Turkish,
1 Dutch, 5 German, I Notwegiau, 2 Greek,
ibe receipts tor the two daya wore Irs.
820,885.01, rnakiug the total Hum 1st insL
M DEVELOPMENT OF EGYPT.
STEAM TRAWLING SUCCESSFUL-
^	THB SPONGE FISHERIES.;
iy, Tho Nile Cold Storago Company is expert-
meuting in a now direction.' A steam trawler
hired by the company for six months, with
lal option of purchase at the expiry of the period
sbould the results obtaiuod justify the course,
lias couiuieuoed operations off Port Said, and
at uas met with decided sucoeas in hor first twu
ventures. Good takes of uierlau, soles, skate,
loup-do-mer, and John Dory are reported, with
in- a lair number of red muUot of hotter quality
in. and lar larger sire than those usually seeuiu
Egyptian lestmirauts and hotels. The latter,
in lokeu as a tule withm a tew rnnes of the coast,
atu almost all immature fish weighing as a,rule
irum H to 2 ounces, but tho trawler lutfbal-
ready taken a low hall-puundera, with?.targe
rv proportion of sixaiuuoo fish.	.SwV
l0’ It is ol, course, too early	Xfiticipato
large takes ol excellent 'soles’ •ud'*'(fciusoen-
daut red munet finding. Xfi&ir way to Cairo
and Alexandria,'to toe deilgfil ot dlfiers-ouu
,nt Nutlung, or next to uuUiuig, is knfiwu .ol
c the lOcdmg grounds and general habits and
Uisiribuuou ol the numerous species ot fisfi
,n. mat occur in Egypuau waters, except within
bl a belt uui exceeding a dozen lanes ui dis-
ug tance Iroin llic coast. The fishermen oi our
coast line Horn Alexandria to Port Said rarely
l0r veuture iurtuer, but a steam uawler can
work the waters lor thirty miles witfiout any
risk ol fiudiug her return impeded by adverse
01 Among the recent catches ol the company's
k iruwtei—which ny mo way is an up-todate
. ooat manned uy a Biiltsh crew auu commanded
j/ oy Capu iNidiuiSoU ui Heelwuod, who is known
.u> tne pioneer ol steam trawling in EugUmd—
area nuiuuetol laigu i'urkmli spouges ol large
3)J .-ire aud Une quauty.
^ A sponge mmery has been fur some time
k a-tahllsfied at .Marsa Alatrouh, but the fioqueut
roughness ol me sea outside the small aud
ra' obsiiucled harnour has Itequeutiy proved a
great niudiance to diving, the discovery ol
° sponges ol a good quality within 30 miles ol
Port Said is valuable in itacit, and there is
, every reason to suppose that the uevelupmeut
. ol the Egyptian naileries wui be ol great
’’ economic importance to tho couutiy. The
coast h-nenuuu, with inadequate appliances,
ilr ireriuentiy aucceed in making goxl takes ol
_ fi-h, aud the steam iraw.ur auu her twu sisters
shortly arriving should no lar more tuitunate.
u	The Plaques or Edvpr.—American jourual-
le isls have a gonius lor . “newsy scarebcads.'
n Phe report ol a sermon ou the plagues ol
;i Lgypt iceuuUy figured in a Yankee newspaper
ii under ciiurmuus neadiiues :— "Humble iYlluir
in Egypt—hobs and Blaius Ever.)where—
r Puaruon Interviewed,' and so on.
/ The "Germania ' Go non is giving a ball iu
.lluiilcrruto’s UaU ou Balurday, 18lh lust.,
die net proceeds of which will go to purchase
warm winter clothing lor indigent children el
alt nationalities. Tbo distribution of the
searing apparel will take place at 4 p.ra. ou
■Sunday, .March 3, in the lodge rooms, 2,
.Vlaruinlo church-street.
EovmAN Minixo.—A very useful handbook
iu Egyptian and Cjudau milling has just been
is-ued. It contains a sketch map ut tne mining
concessions m Egypt and the Sudan, copies
ol aSudau Government prospecting license and
ol ou Egyptian mining lease, and very lull
details oi Uie various mining companies. It is
! issued by Messrs. Bircb 3c Go., stock anu
Innate brokers, 8j, Angel Court, Ibrogmoiton-
jrsuoct, Lunduu, E.C.
English Soap in eqype—Tho well-know.,
maud ol"Eun.tght Soap I.- every uay becoming
more aim more popular in Egypt, aud last year
was a re-coid one lor Messrs. Lever Brother*
gii-at piutiucL Their representative, Mr. D.
G. iK-oh, arrived at Alexandria yesterday Irom
Syria and is proceeding to Caiio aud thciicc
Uiauu Continental Hotel, Cairo, iu a low days’
time, where lie will fie very pleased to receive
THE FINNISH ULlKAUt.
NEW Kl as I AN ( ONSUL-GENEKAL
FOR CAIRO.
Si I HEosat uo, February 7.
.\l. Maxim, ll, .lie Russian ConsUi-Geneia
ul t.a.io, bus ne. n upi-unted Minister ai
Cettinge. M. Sun...oil, Soereiaiy to the Lega
tlou at Athens, succeeds M. MaxilUutt. (It.
", U Ut (icUGt.
GEMiRAL LR.PEKY ExTABLIxHMtNI.
(« enir.il ’X niM.wvny .-i.ulon).
CAIRO.
J>. PL LJS KE T 'l,
PHOPHI. TOH.
DIRECT IMPORTLF. OF BRITISH AND IRlSh
TEAT I Lb MaMUFACI CRES.
Ladies’ Faucy silk Blouses ana
Skirts, and Fancy Material for
Evening V/ear. niso F ans, Fancy
Pins.Rrtiliciai Flowe/ s,Pearl Neck
lets, and oLiilons.
r-adies' ana Gents' Pocket Hand
kerchiefs in Real Irish Linen.
1(9	;■ .11.-Vo
CAliL'luN iiO'iia.
Eulko.cy, Kamleh.
|im Mum	0,AublUnA. Wiwss,
I he International Employes society, oi
A.exai.dna, seems to be iu a very lair way, lo
lioigu ny a circular which baa just beeu sem
,iiL Owing to tne improvement in the fiuauciai
.-oiidiliun of the society, a number of advan-
luges have neuu added U) UiooealiOody existing,
ruioiig them tne tree supply ot medicine-
to members. Certain other provisions have
beou made ni the event of a member's death,
or bis huiiol and the rebel of Iris lamily,
-liould they no necessitous. A registry office i-
„|K:n in couneetiuu with the society, aud
ii-maie in mbers are uow admitted. Tne society
,us a large sphere ot iisctulness.
K.M’usuiUN UAqbAitnnnto
Uuo ex|smition d aquarelles du plus grand
inl3r3t va s’ouvrir aujuurd'hui datui un des
1 sa.ous de la Bourse Tuussoun (Grand Gale Zu-
rani). Elle cmnprendra l'icuvro d’uu artiste
(sinsieu dont la reputation eat faile iiepui-
loi.gtemps non seulement dans son pays mai.-
n ictraiiger..Al. Barbier, officter u'academic,
u.embre Isuri-at do hi soeiett- des artistes Iran-
^ais,- jioiutre de S.A.R. le Frinco de Bulgarie,
compte en effet do ses ctuvres dans presque
toutes lea cours d’Europo (E.M. la Heine d'An-
gleterre, 1 Empereur ue Kussie, le Bultan, le
Koi des Beiges, etc.)
Les succis remportos par cot artiste l'ont
mis au premier rang des aquarellistes... si l’on
en juite par les oomptes rendus des journaux
franfais el einingers qut lui ont <SUS cousaerfoc
D’aideurs les diplumes, les medaiUes, les com
mandea pour les odmiuislraiiuiu de I'Etat, les
aetiuisilions de ses a-uvres firitos par diflOreuts
Musees nepeuvent que prtvemr ou sa tavern
les nqmbreux amateurs d'Alexandrie qui s'ern
jjrcsse'ront,- nous en somiues cei tains, d'ailer
risiter cette exposition.
NOTES FROM KHARTOUM.
THE ROYAL VISIT.
(Frok-.AUR Corrxspohdrrt.)
•	> Khartoum, February 2.
T.R.H. ‘Kc ^uftand Duohees of Connaught,
with the PrinoesMi' Margaret aud Patricia,
arrived here this morning, aud wore received at
the railway station by H.E. the Governor-
General, accompanied by tho principal military
and official heads of departmoute, with full
military honors. They have takeu. up their
residence at tho Palace, over which is flying tho
Royal Standard. In tho forenoon H.R.H. vi-
sited the British barracks, and in the afternoon
was present at tho garden party in tho Palaoe.
l’o-muRow (Friday) tho Duke of Connaught
will again visit tho British barracks and in tho
alter noon be present at tbo opening of tho
BUILDING OF ANGLICAN CHURCH.
A mooting of residents interested in tho
Khartoum Anglican Church Services and
Building Fund, was held on Tuesday iu the
temporary church-room in the Palaoe, H. K
the Governor-General prosiiling. After the
usual formal proceedings, it was decided to
proceed forthwith with the building of a
church sufficiently large to accommodate for
the present 800 persons aud so adapted that
it can be enlarged at any future tune without
interfering with the original design of the
culmtrucuou. in dcierenco to a wish expressed
by H. R. H. Prinoebs Henry the building
will bo a replica of the mausoleum at Prog-
mi.ro. Mr. Richmond, ot Cairo, has volunteered
to submit the necessary drawings.
In announcing this decision, H. E. the
Goveruor-Geneial trusted that further fuuds
would come m mure lavishly than hitherto.
At the same tune his Kxoefieucy was pleased
to continue his kiudness iu allowing the use
ot any portion of the Palace or grounds
required lur congregational servioea, pending
completion ot the church.
Colonel Stanton aud Mr. Hayler were re-
elected churchwardens lor the ensuing year.
CORPORATION OF WESTERN
EGYPT.
The directors ol Uie Corporation of Western
Egypt, Limited, wno have uecu staying at the
Savoy Hotel i or tne laotlortnight, have now
wft Cairo lur EuglaUd viA NapW Tbo party
included Messrs, the Horn Alexander 0.
Murray, Master ol Elibauk, J.P., D-L, M.P.,
chairman ot the corporation, Charles K 11.
lluhhuuse, J.P., M.P., the Hon. W. Twilough
O'eiicu, \> llumu Heaton-Armstrong, and W.
Cuts. Seales. 1 fie unjeCt ut then visit was to
discuss toe company's policy with the local
board and railway and miuing engineers, and
to tliurougbly investigate the company’s inte-
rests un Uie sput. We understand that Mr.
Waller, of the well-known firm of Messrs.
Kincaid, Waller, Maville, aud Dawson, the
c-rpuiatiou's consul ring engineers, has now
completed fils report On tbe section of the
railway which tho cuipoiuliuu are building to
cuuuect the Uaaisot Eiurga with the Egyptiau
uovernmeul liauway at Farsnut, a distance ul
118 miles.
It was feared that tho first ton miles of this
secnou wuuid be very expeusive, but Mr.
d a.ier now reports that by taking the lino
muiig a curtain IV odi tile plateau cau bo reached
without any exua expense.
It is evident tnat the directors are actively
attending to Uie business in haud, aud we
understand tout lUey nave expressed themselves
os being uiueU impressed with Uie corporation's
various interests. Faking into consideration
too liigfi standing and anility ut tho directorate.
Urn iuipo.uu.ee ut many ol tho names on the
,isl of sharenuiders, and the enormous puten-
ualtles ut the corporation's concessions, which
will be opeued up by tho new railway, it is
evident tnat the corporation has beture it a
brilliant future.
Application has been mado to the London
Ci.uck Exchange Committee to appoint a special
-etuuig day iu Corporation ut Western Egypt;
seven shares oi XI each, fully paid, NoS.
zau.uol to 250,007 aud 250,000 shares ol
XI each, 10s. paid, Nos. 1 to 250,000.
EGYPTIAN POST OFFICE.
INVESTIGATION OF ACCOUNTS.
_Messrs.Hoare & Russell, having beeu charged
to audit the accountant the Egy prion Fust Cilice ^
Administration, bave drawn up ou the subject
uu cxnauslive report which has just been baud- D
ed iu to the MiUistiy ol Finance. The auditors
report that they fiave louud, as tho result of j
their elaborate uivesUgation, that tho detailed
work ol tho Accounts Department at the head
office (Alexandria) is generally satisfactoryebut
that, good as the system is op to a certain
point, it lacks completion and therefore cannot t
be so effective as it otherwise would be. Many “
of the branch offices were visited, and the audit- t
ors declare themselves satisfied with the results &
ul their inspections. The system of returns, so 1
mr as tne-y record out rent transactions, is well v
adapted to the requirements of the head office. -
1 hey consider that the completion oi the system |
un tbe lines laid down in the detailed report '
n, much required and recommend that steps
should be taken to earry this into effeot.
LAUNCH OF NEW STEAMER. u,
The Sudan Development aud Exploration tu
Company, Ltd., have issued a haudy aud Ft
tasteluhy gut-up guide lor the seasou 1904-5. by
Tho latest audition to tbe oompauy's fleet, Bd
the F.WB.'Cairo," has just been launched
trom the company's dockyard at Khartoum pr
North, aud ielt the day before yostorday for g,
the White Nile on her maiden trip. His JD
Excellency the Governur-Generel inspected tne ^
boat aud made a short run up-nver. He lul
expressed his satislacrion with the general
arrangements provided in the boat, and called th
beta most magnificent steamer. She has a p,
length of 120 leot, 22 foot beam and 2ft. 6 jrl
draught, 300 indicated H. P, speed 12 miles an
huur. She potasses a handsome and spacious
saloon, ventilated trom the ceiling, over whioh
is situated the smoke-room, lour single state-
rooms, six double state-rooms with appeudioes,
and promeuade lure aud amidships. Tbe cabins, ov
saloon aud smoke-room are mosquito proof, iq
The owners claim that the style, finish, and hr
general furnishings o! this boat are equal br
to any tiret-class liner, while the. cabius p<
are much larger than is usually found ov
in the latter. It is the first of a new class, a
competent to vie with any steamer on the re
Nim, Lower Egypt included, with regard to A
eoinlort and luxurious travelling. A special pi
lea tore are the beautiful bathrooms, lavatories si
with cold and hut water, spray-, etc. It is a in
credit to the ermpauy and to their local a*
manager, Mr. Harold F. Hall, and the staff w
under him.	w
1 most not omit to state that the “Cairo” is m
fitted throughout with an aoetyleae gas plant tl
of the most modem and approved type, it is ol
to be hoped that this new venture, of the at
company will meet with that measure ot di
success which enterprise, skill, and intelligence ol
call for.
THB TOURIST SEASON.
The Grand Hotel Khartoum is filled with
visitors at the present time. Among those ^
who are sUying at this ebariniug hotel are
Lady Kus»eU and her daughter, Count and
Couutess Churimsky, Count de Nettauoourt, ^
Count de las Coses, Colonel Saunders, Mr. 1111
P. 0. Murphy, Mr. H. Viollet, Mr. H. Lake, »|>
Mr. T. Atkinsou, Dr. Hooper, Dr. Sassi, Dr.
Werner, Mr. K. Gurer, Mr. E. Comerup, Mr.
and Mrs. Finlay, Major and Mrs. D. D. Nicol,
Mrs. L. Oort, Miss Green, Miss Thomson,
Miss Cobb, Miss Crewdaou, Miss Lindsay, wt
Rev. I. and Mrs. Watson, Mr. A. B. do "*
Guerevillo. Mrs. W. May, Dr. Beam, Mrs. M
Stevens, Mr. Bryant, Mr. Ch. Campbell,
Mr. MoChanliaquet, Copt. H. Fraser, Miss K. 8n
Caminaky, Mr. Topalian.
of
THB KHEDIVE.	pr
-----i----	Ni
The Khedive will probably not return to —
Koubbeh till this oveniog or to-morrow
morning.
His Highness is expected to open the ^
Agricultural Society’s Show at Gherireh on ug
Monday next.	.	tw
.	no
THE SAKHARA INCIDENT. wi
The report that Mr. Howard Carter is being th
transferred to Luxor from Cairo is, we believe, rei
untrue. Tho commission of enquiry has uot yet in
given iU decision in the matter, but we may
say that oertaiu facts have been brought before
iu notioe which place Mr. Carter's aotion in a
very different light.
GRAND HOTEL BONNARD, J
ALEXANDRIA
Be. PER DAY, WINE INCLUDED.
IMM’UiT.W v
EGYPTIAN GOVERNMENT
AND THB
RU8SIAN FLEET.
A correspondent writes Tbe leading ar-
tiole in the "Egyptian Gazette" on thepoeitioD
of the Egyptian Government in iU policy
towards the Russian fleet was admirably
oogent in iu logic. But viewed iu iu purely legal
aspect, this question should be looked at As
one which oonoems Egypt alone and without
reference to Great Britain. A copy of the Suer
Canal Convention lies before me. It was signed
at Constantinople on the 29th October, 1888,
and ratifications wore deposited at Constanti-
nople on the 22nd Deoember of that year. Tho
Convention vras made between Great Britain,
Germany, Austria-Hungary, Spain, France,
Italy, the Netherlands, lluuia, and Turkey.
"Egypt's political status is," as the Judicial
Adviser oqrrectly observes, “that of a part of
the Ottoman Dominions." She has therefore
no individual power to make treaties save such
os the firmaus of the Sultan ot Turkoy ox-
preealy authorise. Those firmans did not
invest her with power to enter intotheSuez Canal
Convention, which wss consequently made
on her behalf by her Turkish suzerain. It
follows then that if the Convention was
binding on Turkey it was binding on
Egypt. If it was binding on Egypt in
1888—the date of its signature—itwas equally
binding npon her in 1898, at the time of the
passage of the Spanish Fleet, and in 1904, at
the time of the passage of the Russian Fleet
through tho Canal. Tbe Egyptian Government
held—so the Judicial Adviser informs us—
that tho Convention was not binding tjpon
Egypt in 1898. Assuming that view to be
correct, and nothing having been done by
Turkey to render the Convention binding iu
the interval between that date and 1904, it
waa not binding upon Egypt in 1904.-
The fact that tfie British Government did
nut consider the Convention binding upoD
them in 1898 by reason of a reservation nuuie
in 1888 with reiereuoe to retaining full liberty
ol' actiou regarding tbe British Occupation ol
Egypt, could in no respect affoot Egypt's con-
tractual obligations in 1898 any more than
Great Britain’s announcement of her adherence
to the Convention as recorded in the Anglo-
F'reuoh Agreement of April, 1904—to which,
by the way, Turkey waa not a party—can
affect Egypt’s obligations at the present time.
It will be seen that, starting from the same
premises as thp Judicial Adviser, I arrive at a
different conclusion. The difficulty of the
Judicial Adviser was trom the first obvious,
and, I venture1 to think, insurmountable,
namely, the divergence between the technical
aud the actual position—the status dejur and
that de facto—oi Egypt He may well be
pardoned for having tailed to reconcile the
irreooncilable.
THE NATIVE BAR.
w
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
The P. & 0. aa “Persia” (Commander W.
H. Haigbton) arrived at Port Said yssterday
afternoon from Marseilles en route for Bombay.
She landed 108 passengors for Egypt, amoogrt
whom we notioed Sir Benjamin Baker, Lady and
Mias Bell, and the Hon. 8. Peel
The Earl of Stair is also a naasemmr hv tlm
w* “““ “	“ passenger oy mo
“Persia” lor Bombay.
Tbe Marchioness of Donegal! - has gone fora
trip on the second Cataract reach and ’ left
Shells! for Wady Haifa to-day.
The ex-Prime Minister of Italy, the Marquis
di Rudini, left Cairo today for Sues en route
for Maaaowah. Tbo Italian	has
thoroughly enjoyed his visit to Egypt and the
Sudan, and was greatly impressed with the
progress the country is making under the
Tbe following are the visitors staying at the
Savoy Hotel, Port Bald: M. and Mme.
Frey, Mr. A. Perry, M. and Mme. Bienola,
M. and Mme. Can tel Bey, Misses Gibeon, M.
and Mme. Riddook, M. and Mme. Wflhsms,
Prof. Cobbett, Lieut B. T. Curiing, Lieut
Willoocks, Mr. A.L. 8cottand family, Mrs. Som-
morville, Sir J. and Lady Franklin, Mr. W. A.
Percy, Mr. Crone, Mr. T. Preitz, Mr. Shaw,
M. P. and Mrs. Shaw, Mr. Baner, Mr. D'Orsy)
M. de la Boaliniire left for Luxor on Mon-
day evening.
The Savoy Restaurant seemed to be en fite
yesterday evening, on the occasion of the extra
■mail dance which took place at the hotel.
Among those giving dinner parties we notioed
Sir Ernest Caasel, whose party included lady
Lo rides borough, General, Mrs. and Min Blade,
Eir William Garstin, Izzet Pasha, Baron von
Oppenbeim, Sir Edward and Lady Colebrooke,
tho Countess of Lovelace, General 8ir Stanley
Clarke, Birch Pasha, Mrs. Forester, Mr. Ward,
Mr. Webb, and Tueni Bey. Count Gabriel
de Zogbeb had a select party of 10. Mr.
and Mrs. Peter Martin had two gnests,
Mr. and Mrs. Coatee a party of 8, Mrs. K.
Simon a party of 7, and Mrs. Jaoquee a party
ot 10. The danoe proceeded with the usual
animation until one o'clook, and a large num-
ber of sufpere were served afterwards in the
restaurant.
The Native Bar has recently gained a victory y,
ver the Ministry of Jottioo and, although it
l only a trifling matter, tbe successful issue ^
las given great satisfaction, as the native y
larristers are by no means oontent with the y
lersiatent efforts of the Ministry to rule ^
vor them “par oonseil de discipline." Reoently
, circular was issued to the barristers' clerks
oquiring them to furnish to the Court of
Appeal a certificate of good oooduct and a
■holograph. This arbitrary interference natur-
,lly called forth a number of protests, and a
nee ting of tbo clerks was held, when it was ar
LgTced that they should strike if the circular
ras put into force. Tbe vote oi this meeting at
ras unanimous aud the decision was oom- B
nunicated to Judge Bond, Vioe-President of M
he Native Court of Appeal, by the members P:
it the Bar, who stated that their clerks one Ci
ind all refused to submit to any such oon- R
litious whatsoever. Tbe result was that the Pi
ffinoxious circular was withdrawn.	H
Ibe following passengers left Assiout yester-
day by the P.B. "Amaais.”—Miss Nellie Hay,
Miaa Margaret Caille, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Prestou, Mr. and Mrs. W. and Miss 8mithett,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Comae, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Meller, Mr. Lenaaer, Mr. Weiss, Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. Thome, Mr. Kavier d’Udekem d'Aooz,
Mr. and Mrs. Henri d’Udekem d'Aooz, Mr.
and Mrs. & D. Blood, Mr. Kurt Baaeennan,
Dr. Healey, Dr. T. A. and Mrs. MoGraw, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H., Mr. Henry 8. and jiiss
Gertrude BrintnaU, Mr. Edward A. Field,
Mr. 0. W. Dennis, Mr. C. Burge, Mr.
and Mrs. Wilhelm Streit, Mrs. David King,
Mrs. Blise Umlaut Mr. 8iegfried Trebitsch,
Mr. Geo., Mrs. Lewis & and Mist Buthie
(Vihnn Mr. Knritzlrr.
------	Hen
ALEXANDRIA MUNICIPALITY.
Jouneillor Aidorson has addressed the Mr.
owing letter to the administrator of the Mr.
nicipalityHOW
)ear8ir,—Please put in your next minutes Adel
owing proposition : I propose that all Shal
Iters to be diaousaed by the Delegation Ft
old be sent to all members of the Cominis- Kub
i, and that those of the members who feel Mr.
;reated in the subject, shall be informed A I
he date and hour of tho meeting and allow- and
to attend. As it is at present, those Prat
j are not on the Delegation are not really A. (
i oourent" with what is going on with the M. I
nicipality.	Kri«
Also, that we should have a printing press Fret
l procFa-verbaux should be sent to every Prat
mber, at least within 48 hours, not as now. Her
eceived on the 4th of Feb. the proo$s-verbal Rob
he Delegation of the 17th Jan. Again, the steir
cts-verbal of the Commission of the 30th P. B
v. 1 received on the 10th of January- S.Se
fours siuceraly,	J'M"
Gbo. B. Aldkbsom. Suri
A propos of tho above, Mr. G. B. Aldereon __
tes :—Only at the meeting of the 11th Jan-
y, some members of the Delegation spent Ol
i hours eomplaining that the secretary had
correctly reported their own-discussion. It
i then I proposed the phonograph. It being B
n late, we all wanted to go, and passed the pos
isining four questions on the ordre du jour met
ibout 10 minutes I	of i
STEAMER MOVEMENTS. “
rbeS& “Trqjan Prince," from Manchester. hoU
i Malta on Tuesday and is due to arrive on («a
;urday, with passengers and general cargo, air.
The Moss liner "8eti" passed Holyhead yea PU1
day, bound for Manobeetw.	PM
PASSENGERS’ LI8TS.
DKPaaioaks.
Per North^Gennan Lloyd 8.8. “SoUeswig,"
ivad at Alexandria on Monday:— .
From Marseilles:—Baroness de 8erelaee, Mr. -
d Mrs. R. Preston, Mr Vaxelaire,' Mr. Alagg,
sset Brinville and Kartin, Mr., Mrs. and
ss Moss, Mr. and Mrs. A Dumont, Her and
au Irlirt Pol Kohler, Mr. and Mrs. J. &
ssar, Mr. B 8. Grew and party, Capt. B.
lodes, Herron Tiedeman 8mmuu< Herr and
au Fromm, Frau Seaff, Mrs. M. MoCallum,
irr Gemperli-Beckb, Herr B. Pagenstecker,
irT J. Witbold, ilerr W. Vogel and Falekso- '
in, Countess Amim, Mrs. and Miss Wollfe,
r. Jules K Schweizer,Miss Bdwards ajjd maid,
r. L. Hochapfel, Mr. and Mre, Ellsworth,
r. and Mrs. G. Sachs, Herr Oberiandee-
richtsrat Quincke, Frmftan and Freun
lelabein, Mr. William C. Lupton, Mr. Ed.
allaerts, Mme. Bertholet and eon.
Prom Naples: — Mrs. H. Hogg, Mr. R.
ihrmann, Mrs. Gabriel and Mrs. Sprague,
r. E. Walton and Miss Clara Walton, Mr.
R. Meyer, Mr. John Woodruff, Mr. Lyon
d party, Herr and Frau Vollmer, Mrs.'
ankliu, Mr. SmaU, Mr. Demperoli, Mr. Sam
Crozer and party, Count A d'Urset M.
. Gartou I. Serstevents, FrL Babe and FrI.
nose, Generallt Tbumen Graf. G. von Annin,
au B. Lanson, Herr W. Lanson, Herr and
au Warburg and dootor, Frau von Boeohan',
err and Frau von Lie ben, Herr and Frau A.
>bor Herr R. FelamanD, Prinz Franz Lichten-
(in, Graf Traatmansdorff, Messrs. G. and W.
Brady. Mr. W. C. Benedict, Herren W. and .
3emigradoff,Raymond and Whitoomb’s party
ipt Atkin Higgins, Mr. Debourg, Mr. W. K.
filing, Mr. R. B. Gregory.
.... v-
lVOY HOTEL, LUXOR
est and most comfortable, unique for its
ition on Nile bank. Under German Manage
it Moderate charges. Patronised by officer
Army of Occupation. Concerts twioe daily,
issi-u ri 11111iii ■iiMifiiiiiil
TTY AT .Weissenstein Castle 8410
L IaUJL. ft. First-daw private
near Windisoh-Matrei; Station, lieu
bed from Venice or Trieete). Bracing
Good Mountaineering oentre. Tennis,
ng. Best June, September. Apply ?n-
at.